 The Devil Make Cry series was rebooted into the Egeost Edge Lord Edge Fest I have ever seen . This was a time when the days of... were completely gone to make room for... The cool kid's version that feels like it was made in a society . It's not a bad game, but there's just so many intense changes .  Devil Make Cry really has an emphasis on style . It's wacky. It's fun. It doesn't really take itself too seriously . When your style goes from wacky woohoo pizza man to edgy whatever alcoholic man, it kind of blows .  One of the main villains of this game is actually Alex Jones if he were on Fox News . Check out this Joker grin . It makes me think that somebody's living in a society for worse than the one they come from .  The biggest thing that's holding this game back is what they did with the changes to the characters . For me at least, it feels like there are a bargain bin version of what they used to be . For example, let's go over Dante . He now consistently treats everyone around him like trash .  It just feels like the developers are trying to say, well, my Dante is so much better than that old loser Dante that was actually way cooler than me . The ironic thing is I actually think the design looks pretty good with the hair but hey, whatever .  The backlash for removing a fedora was so intense that they removed it in the definitive editions . "We're the offspring of Angels and Demons. We're the rebellion for Dante and Mattel for Virgil," says the game's creator .  "We're trying to have a child with another demon named Lilith who has a flabby skin disease making her look like the spokesperson for the dangers of plastic surgery" "Mundis" used to be this unknowable, shape-shifting super demon who chilled in a church at the bottom of the demon world is, you know, now a generic bald banker threatening the president so he can control the world through debt"  There's a lot of good in this game. It's fluid, it feels nice, it makes you feel good . The game is set in a parallel world around us where demons exist. The world is also being controlled with the powers of demonic mountain dew. It'll kill you.  A lot of the skills required to perform combos in the past are simplified in this one . Depending on the trigger you're holding, like left or right on the controller, you'll use either angelic or demonic weapons that you'll pick up throughout the game at fixed points . You can mix and match their attacks with ease .  Some missions are super creative, and they look really nice, like this upside down world with rain falling upwards is sick . Others physically hurt me. My eyeballs did not enjoy looking at this. Please give me out of this place. My eyes hurt so bad. But there are a lot of good things to be found here .  Playing this level felt like staring into a strobe light while hell itself was burrowing into my pupils . Some choices in some areas were just a bit too much for me to stare at for long periods of time .  Danick in plenty of room to go after the next boss, which is located in Fox News' headquarters at the bottom of hell . The only way to get there is by strolling through that upside down world, dodging a laser, getting blasted at him, and then platforming through the broadcasts opening graphics .  This had to be probably the least enjoyable boss fight I think I've ever had just because of the setting in the background and so much that was going on on screen . I don't get motion sickness from games, but it was too much for my eyes to handle, I guess .  The most unrealistic thing in this game is the fact that this girl is not shot in this shootout right here . She stands there for a good solid amount of seconds. And she doesn't get lit up. So all of these guys either suck a ton, or she's got the plot armor of the gods, but probably both .  After an unexplained parkour session where Dante gets the ability to freeze time so he can jump off their car that's flying in the air and get them through a bunch of debris, Mundus retaliates to the death of his child by killing millions of people . Mundus is still weak from his last outburst. This is your chance to defeat him .  The longest anyone has been recorded to be stuck in an elevator is 41 hours . Boys would study for three years to become an elevator operator in Germany . In 1985 the New York Mary introduced the first smart elevator which took passengers directly to their floor without stopping .  The final boss battle of this game is with Virgil. uses his most powerful attack he can fondle. Not mind if I leave my pecs alone. Which only gets interrupted by Virgil merging the human and the demon worlds in order to make Mundus vulnerable. And they toss him off a building so that he can become a giant monster.  Defaniel stabs Virgil bleaching his hair to what it should have been in the first place and shows mercy . Real Virgil wouldn't want to see you this way . But it is a funny fight. If only you had your Fador right now you could win .